0. we presuppose that in the next ten years (not only) music will change a lot. many domains which are still occupied by human beings will be taken over by AI with specific skills - translating texts, health care, laws and of course composing/generating music and sounds as well. due to this shift, the meta-level layer will gradually become more and more important - e.g. the role of an author/programmer who creates a certain model whose result is a music/sound composition. in contrast to this situation, we can foresee the emergence of multiple new music genres - those genres which would try to escape objectification and mimetic tendency. it is as if you tried to create a mask to confuse AI and prevent your face recognition - in this case we are not talking about faces but about music genres. thinking about music will have to be more conceptualized, as common listeners will be used to the fact that music is exhausted, obsolete and overcome. rather than being satisfied with formal and aesthetical aspects, more demanding listeners of organised sounds will demand targeted sonic gestures with ethical, political, poetic or other meanings... 

1. denotations of words are naturally shifting in time. hence, from the perspective of those who care about aural sensations we have to state: music is obsolete. 

2. on the one hand, “thanks” to multiplication, ever-presence, acceleration of technologies and on the other hand, “thanks” to accessible and instant software tools music has become obsolete. 

3. obsolete music is related to the binary oppositions such as: producer - consumer / dj - dancer/ musician - listener 

4. the core of music that may not be considered obsolete lies not only in the organisation of audible material, but rather in thinking and organising socio-political ethos in which music takes place. obsolete music may remain a point of departure or serve as a relief of sorts - in the way that the artist is not bound to deal with formal structure and may focus on ethical, political, poetic and other meanings... 
V. we demand: to purge all reproductible music and sounds in favour of a unique aural gesture.
